Investors have sent shares of International Paper (NYSE: IP) higher in recent weeks on reports that the company has attracted the attention of a buyer. At least one Wall Street analyst sees reason to give the stock a look regardless of the merger and acquisition talk.Shares traded up 6% as of 2:30 p.m. ET on Thursday after the company was upgraded at Jefferies Financial Group (NYSE: JEF).International Paper is a global leader in the paper and packaging industry, a sector that has been rocked by consolidation in recent years. The company has not sat on the sidelines and is looking to buy British paper supplier DS Smith. It is also reportedly a potential target for Brazil's Suzano.Jefferies analyst Philip Ng sees a lot of ways for International Paper to win. The analyst upgraded the stock to buy from hold and boosted his price target to $57 from $38. Ng says he sees "multiple levers" to unlock shareholder value, including new CEO Andrew Silvernail's focus on value instead of volumes in sales, as well as increasing scale in Europe and refinements to the company's portfolio.The stock has been largely flat for the last decade, but Ng believes Silvernail is "an agent of change" with a strong track record of producing results.Shares of International Paper are up 26% in just the last month, but as Ng notes, even with those gains the stock is still down slightly compared to where it traded in 2014.It is usually unwise to follow momentum traders into a potential buyout target, especially in a political climate that is hostile to foreign bidders for U.S. manufacturing titans. But Ng is offering a rosy outlook regardless of whether Suzano or someone else comes calling.There is still a lot that needs to go right from here. The added scale in Europe assumes the DS Smith deal will get done, and at least part of the analyst's call is a belief that the cycle is turning in International Paper's favor. If Suzano should walk away, the stock would likely trade lower.But for those looking to get in early on a potential turnaround story and who don't mind the added volatility that comes with deal talk, it might be a good time to give International Paper a look.Before you buy stock in International Paper, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and International Paper wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.Consider when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $581,764!*Stock Advisor provides investors with an easy-to-follow blueprint for success, including guidance on building a portfolio, regular updates from analysts, and two new stock picks each month. The Stock Advisor service has more than quadrupled the return of S&P 500 since 2002*.See the 10 stocks »*Stock Advisor returns as of May 13, 2024Lou Whiteman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Jefferies Financial Group. The Motley Fool recommends DS Smith. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Why International Paper Stock Is Gaining Today was originally published by The Motley Fool