While many people view homeownership as a hallmark of financial stability and wealth building, legendary investor Warren Buffett says it includes overlooked costs, which could make buying a house a poor investment."Buying a house is usually a lousy investment," said Buffett, who has lived in the same Omaha, Nebraska, home he purchased in 1958 for $31,500 — about $336,164 in today's dollars.Buffett's home, now worth about $1.4 million, is his only real estate investment. Buffett's estimated net worth is about $136.8 billion.Don't Miss:New fund backed by Jeff Bezos offers a 7-9% target yield with monthly dividends. Here's how you can invest today.Warren Buffett once said, "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die." These high-yield real estate notes that pay 7.5% – 9% make earning passive income easier than ever.First, there's the down payment. During Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 2021 annual meeting, Buffett talked about his homebuying experience, noting that the down payment was about 10% of his net worth. He delayed buying a house because he wanted to use the money for other investments, to which his wife consented.Interest, property taxes and homeowners insurance account for a significant portion of the monthly mortgage payment. Owning a home also ties up funds that could be used to invest in stocks or bonds.Trending: Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are bullish on one city that could dethrone New York and become the new financial capital of the US. Investing in its booming real estate market has never been more accessible.Buffett also said homeownership does not guarantee significant financial returns compared to other investment strategies, such as stocks.With escalating home prices and high mortgage interest rates, buying a home has become challenging for many Americans, and many are choosing to rent instead — a smart move, according to financial adviser Dave Ramsey.According to Ramsey, renting can be a strategic choice that can save people from stretching their finances too thin and will buy them time until they can afford a house.Ramsey and Buffett aren't alone in their opinions that renting may be a wiser choice than purchasing a home. Grant Cardone, another high-profile social media personality, said rent is often half the cost of a mortgage because of high interest rates, homeowners insurance, and property taxes.Keep Reading:Commercial real estate has historically outperformed the stock market, but few investors have the capital or resources needed to invest in this asset class. This platform allows individuals to invest in commercial real estate with as little as $5,000. Are you rich? Here’s what Americans think you need to be considered wealthy."ACTIVE INVESTORS' SECRET WEAPON" Supercharge Your Stock Market Game with the #1 "news & everything else" trading tool: Benzinga Pro - Click here to start Your 14-Day Trial Now!Get the latest stock analysis from Benzinga?APPLE (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis ReportTESLA (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis ReportThis article Warren Buffett Says 'Buying A House Is Usually A Lousy Investment' — Here's Why originally appeared on Benzinga.com© 2024 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.