US stocks slipped from record highs on Wednesday as investors waited for AI bellwether Nvidia's (NVDA) pivotal earnings and digested minutes from the Federal Reserve's May meeting that revealed some officials were willing to hike rates if necessary.The S&P 500 (^GSPC) slipped more than 0.3% while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) and the Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) fell about 0.4%.Stocks have managed to grind out new all-time highs this week as markets meandered in the wait to find out whether Nvidia will deliver on sky-high earnings expectations. Investors are bracing for a big move in the chipmaker's share price and in other potential AI plays after the first-quarter results, set for release after the bell. It all adds up to a big test for the broader market as a whole.Investors were also greeted with the minutes from the Federal Reserve's May meeting on Wednesday. Markets took a notable leg lower as the minutes revealed "various" Fed officials mentioned a "willingness to tighten policy further should risks to inflation materialize in a way that such an action became appropriate."Read more: How does the labor market affect inflation?At the same time, Target's (TGT) quarterly results fed worries as to how the economy is holding up. The retail giant's earnings fell short as consumers held off from nonessential purchases, citing inflation. Its shares slid more than 6% on Wednesday.Target (TGT) stock dropped more than 6% as comparable sales declined more than estimated in the prio quarter. Executives pointed to inflationary pressures on consumers when explaining the decline. Lululemon (LULU) shares fell roughly 7%, hitting their lowest intraday level since March 2023, as the company announced the departure of chief product officer Sun Choe.Barnes & Noble (BNED) stock was up almost 100%, extending gains from the prior sessions. The stock is now up more than 450% in the past five days on no significant news, showing signs of a meme stock-like rally. Moderna (MRNA) shares rose more than 11%, rising for the eighth straight day and on track for their highest close since April 2023.Stocks have been in a holding pattern as investors await AI bellwether Nvidia's (NVDA) pivotal earnings and the release of minutes from the Federal Reserve's May meeting.The S&P 500 (^GSPC), Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) and the Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) were all of less than 0.1% during mid-day trade.In sector action, Industrials (XLI) and Technology (XLK) were leading on the day with Energy (XLE), down more than 1%, the biggest laggard on the day.If Boeing (BA) execs were looking for a pat on the back for drilling into their operations after several more high-profile incidents, they aren’t getting one from Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg.Here’s what Buttigieg told me moments ago on Yahoo Finance about Boeing:“The good news is that there has been a lot of engagement. They have taken a number of steps in response to the pressure that the FAA is putting on them. But, there is still a long way to go,” Buttigieg said.He added, “At the end of the day, it’s all about the results. They are saying the right things. They are taking encouraging steps. But we need to make sure that we see it on the shop floor, that we see it in terms of the quality of the product that rolls off the line. That’s why the FAA is taking this extraordinary step of not permitting them to increase their production rate until they have shown beyond a doubt that they can safely address those quality issues and increase that production in a way that is consistent with the quality that everybody expects from such an important company and producer in the United States.”You can watch our interview with Transportation Secretary Buttigieg below.Lululemon (LULU) shares fell nearly 7%, hitting their lowest intraday level since March 2023, as the company announced the departure of chief product officer Sun Choe.Wedbush analyst Tom Nikic reasoned Choe was an "instrumental part in LULU's success over the past 7+ years," and the initial decline in shares made sense.The move puts shares of LULU down about 40% this year as sentiment has soured around the stock amid competition from companies like Alo and Vuori. Nikic argues that the move over the course of the year has been "overdone.""Hypergrowth internationally can mitigate slower growth at home, while reduced discounting online could be a sign that U.S. trends are starting to stabilize," Nikic wrote in a note to clients on Wednesday morning.The company's latest earnings release is slated for Wednesday, June 5.BuzzFeed (BZFD) stock surged as much as 83% in early trading on Wednesday after former Republican presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy disclosed a 7.7% stake in the embattled media giant and indicated he would push for changes at the company.According to an SEC filing, Ramaswamy believes BuzzFeed shares "are undervalued and represent an attractive investment opportunity." He intends to engage the board in discussion over "numerous operational and strategic opportunities to maximize shareholder value, including a shift in the company's strategy."BuzzFeed, once seen as a crown jewel in the digital media space, struggled after going public via a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC, in 2021. The stock has fallen more than 90% since that time.The disclosure of the stake raises more questions about BuzzFeed's strategic direction. Ramaswamy, a 38-year-old biotech entrepreneur, endorsed Donald Trump after dropping out of the presidential race in January following the Iowa caucuses. He has built a reputation as an "anti-woke" activist opposed to corporate involvement in social and environmental causes.In the past year, BuzzFeed has undergone major changes in an attempt to reach profitability.BuzzFeed announced plans to shutter its news division and slash 15% of staffers, or about 180 employees, in April 2023. Earlier this year, the company said it would cut an additional 16% of its workforce "to reduce centralized costs and to allow the company to become more agile, sustainable, and profitable."Along with layoffs, BuzzFeed also sold digital media company Complex Networks, which it acquired in 2021 for about $300 million, to live video shopping platform NTWRK in a $108.6 million all-cash deal. BuzzFeed received approximately $5.7 million in severance and office-related charges on top of the purchase price.Last week, the company reported an adjusted EBITDA loss of $11.3 million in the first quarter but said it expects adjusted EBITDA to come in the range of a $4 million loss to $1 million profit in the current quarter, "approximately flat year-over-year at the midpoint."US stocks hovered near record highs on Wednesday as investors waited for AI bellwether Nvidia's (NVDA) pivotal earnings and for more clues to the Federal Reserve's thinking on interest rate cuts.The S&P 500 (^GSPC) fell about 0.1% while the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) slipped roughly 0.2%. The Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) popped nearly 0.1%.Markets meandered in the wait to find out whether Nvidia will deliver on sky-high earnings expectations. Investors are bracing for a big move in the chipmaker's share price and in other potential AI plays after the first quarter results, set for release after the bell. It all adds up to a big test for the broader market as a whole.Top trending ticker on the Yahoo Finance platform this morning: Target (TGT).And that says a lot considering it's Nvidia (NVDA) earnings day!Shares of the retailer are getting pounded by 8% premarket after an earnings miss and cautious guidance. My full breakdown of the quarter here. I will be on Yahoo Finance at 9 a.m. ET with more details, so tune in.I will add a little more context here, however.I was on a reporter call with Target chairman and CEO Brian Cornell discussing the results. There was talk of inflation cooling down, but his commentary stopped short of saying that sales were growing again because of a slower pace of inflation.To the Target bulls out there — and there are many — that's a problem.It's almost showtime for Nvidia (NVDA), with earnings out after the close today.It could be a wild 48 hours in markets because of this one stock.Current premiums in options markets imply that traders are bracing for an 8.6% swing in the stock price in either direction, reports the Financial Times this morning.If Nvidia does react negatively to the results and guidance, it will be hard to shake the bull case on the stock, most on the Street say."Even if there is weakness from some unforeseen force in the near-term, we see limited stock weakness as investors want to keep or add to positions for second half Blackwell [new AI chip] growth," Piper Sandler analyst Harsh Kumar said in a note this morning.Game on.Yahoo Finance tech editor Dan Howley previews Nvidia's results here.Goldman Sachs just served up a new piece of research that will likely be eaten up by politicians who love talking about the country's ballooning debt.The bank's economics team lifted its debt-to-GDP ratio to 130% by 2034, up from 97% in projections published in 2019."The outlook for US fiscal sustainability has become more challenging over the last five years. The primary deficit — the deficit excluding interest costs on the debt — remains roughly 5% of GDP wider than it has been historically at full employment, the debt-to-GDP ratio has risen 19 percentage points to 98% and will likely soon surpass the post-WW2 high, and interest rates on new Treasury debt have roughly doubled. Higher expected future interest rates in particular have substantially worsened the trajectories of the debt-to-GDP ratio and of real interest expense as a share of GDP," said Goldman Sachs chief economist Jan Hatzius.The unsavory chart is below.