Novavax (NASDAQ: NVAX) took a turn in the investor spotlight in early May, when the vaccine specialist announced -- on the same day it unveiled its first-quarter results -- a collaboration deal with Sanofi.Understandably, Novavax's share price leaped on news of the potentially lucrative deal with the global pharmaceutical sector company. This has left the stock fairly valued, in the opinion of one analyst tracking the company. He's got a point, I believe.TD Cowen's Brendan Smith doubled his price target on Novavax following those two pieces of news. He now feels it's worth $10 per share, exactly double his previous fair value estimation.Such a monster lift is usually accompanied by a buy recommendation, but not in this case; Smith maintained his hold rating on the stock. In fact, the new price target implies a 21% downside from the current price.Management's trumpeting of the Sanofi deal overshadowed the disappointing numbers in the Q1 earnings report. Novavax missed the consensus analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines, although its $94 million in Q1 revenue and $1.05 per share net loss were actually improvements over the first-quarter 2023 figures.In his latest Novavax note, Smith expressed concern about the company's recent performance. He pointed to lowered sales guidance for the full year 2024, which to him "reaffirms that the COVID market remains uncertain."Much of Novavax's name recognition comes from the thick of the COVID-19 pandemic, as the company developed one of only four vaccines for the disease that got emergency use authorization from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.That's a tough act to follow, and Novavax hasn't yet proven it can build out a long-term, sustainable business. So, like Smith, I can envision more downside than upside for the stock in the short- to midterm future; with that, I think I'd even be more bearish than Smith and consider Novavax stock a sell.Before you buy stock in Novavax, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Novavax wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.Consider when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $559,743!*Stock Advisor provides investors with an easy-to-follow blueprint for success, including guidance on building a portfolio, regular updates from analysts, and two new stock picks each month. The Stock Advisor service has more than quadrupled the return of S&P 500 since 2002*.See the 10 stocks »*Stock Advisor returns as of May 13, 2024Eric Volkman has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.1 Wall Street Analyst Thinks Novavax Stock Is Going to $10. Is It a Sell? was originally published by The Motley Fool