US stocks rose on Friday, setting the Dow up for an eighth straight day of gains as investors waited for a parade of Fed speakers to test a growing confidence that a rate cut is on the way.The Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) climbed roughly 0.2%, with the benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) gaining about 0.3% on the heels of closing above 5,200 for the first time in a month. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) also jumped around 0.2% at the opening bell.The blue-chip Dow has powered higher, scoring its longest win streak this year as stocks made a comeback from April's doldrums. Growing conviction that the Federal Reserve could cut interest rates earlier than expected — given recent signs of a cooling labor market — has buoyed the rally.Read more: How does the labor market affect inflation?Given that, investors will listen closely to speeches from a packed line-up of Fed speakers on Friday for more insight into timing, pace, and chance of an easing in policy. Michelle Bowman, Neel Kashkari, and Austan Goolsbee are among those scheduled to appear.Earlier, Atlanta Fed boss Raphael Bostic said he sees a single rate cut late this year, but echoed fellow official Mary Daly's preference for waiting for a more robust signal that price pressures are easing.On the corporate front, TSMC (TSM) shares popped after the Taiwanese contract chipmaking giant said its sales jumped 60% in April. It credited sustained AI demand paired with a revival in consumer electronics such as smartphones.Stocks opened higher on Friday with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (^DJI) looking to end the week with its its eighth straight win following a particularly sluggish April for markets.At the opening bell, the Dow rose roughly 0.2%, with the benchmark S&P 500 (^GSPC) gaining about 0.3% on the heels of closing above 5,200 for the first time in a month. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) also jumped around 0.2%.The yield on the benchmark 10-year treasury (^TNX) rose about 4 basis points to trade near 4.49%.The gains come as investors appear more confident the Federal Reserve could cut interest rates sooner than expected after an April jobs report pointed to signs of a cooling labor market.A slew of Fed speakers on the docket for Friday should help offer more clarity on the path forward for interest rates. Michelle Bowman, Neel Kashkari, and Austan Goolsbee are all scheduled to appear.Citi doing a little earnings call mining today, pointing out these notes from AirBNB's (ABNB) call this week:"Nights booked in Paris during the Summer Olympics are 5x higher than this time last year while Germany is seeing a similar trend for the Euro Cup this summer with nights booked nearly 2x vs. last year."The feel good vibes in markets marches on, and the happiness is starting to compound.The S&P 500 remains on track for a third consecutive weekly gain for the first time since February. What's more, Deutsche Bank points out this has been the strongest performance for the S&P 500 over six sessions so far this year. The S&P 500 has rallied a solid 3.9% since its recent low on May 1.