(Bloomberg) -- Alphabet Inc.’s recent results raised hopes that the Google parent can still be a big player in artificial intelligence. Now it has a chance to prove it.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindBiden Accuses China of ‘Cheating’ on Trade, Imposes New TariffsFlood of China Used Cooking Oil Spurs Call to Hike US LeviesMacron Puts French Banks in Play With Plan to Transform EuropeHow One of the World's Oldest Hedge Funds Went BankruptInvestors are hotly anticipating the company’s Google I/O annual developers conference Tuesday, where it’s expected to unveil AI features for its search business and broader ecosystem. Bank of America wrote that the event “could help solidify the case for Google (and the Android ecosystem) as a net AI beneficiary.”The event comes a day after a similar one from OpenAI, where it launched a faster and cheaper version of its ChatGPT model. Some high-profile disappointments have raised lingering questions about Alphabet’s ability to compete against Microsoft Corp.-backed OpenAI despite years of heavy investments.“Alphabet is in a unique position to show it is making progress, that it can re-right the AI ship, that things aren’t as dire as people thought,” said David Mazza, chief executive officer at Roundhill Investments. “The results are more than enough to support the stock in the near term, but the event offers an opportunity for an upside surprise, and if it can show off, what better time?”Shares dipped 0.1% on Tuesday.The company’s AI position gained new urgency following a report that Apple Inc. has closed in on an agreement with OpenAI to use its technology on the iPhone. Apple has also held talks with Google, the default search engine on the phone, and those discussions are ongoing. Apple will unveil its own AI strategy at an event next month.Last month’s earnings report showed robust financials — not only did Alphabet beat expectations, but it implemented a dividend and authorized a $70 billion buyback program. Its shares are up 21% this year, and the rally has taken it above the elite $2 trillion market cap threshold. The Nasdaq 100 Index is up 8%, while Microsoft has risen about 10%.An underwhelming I/O event isn’t expected to reverse that rally, given the strength on display in the results and how Alphabet continues to screen as a bargain among the Magnificent Seven. However, reassuring investors about its position with AI could be a catalyst for additional gains.There are some positive signs. Morgan Stanley, citing AlphaWise data, sees accelerating adoption of the company’s Gemini AI engine, and analyst Brian Nowak noted Alphabet’s “still-leading (and expanding) spot at the top of the e-commerce, travel, autos, financial, healthcare funnels.”Read More: An AI-Rally for Software Makers Will Demand Investor PatienceWhile shares are near record levels, Alphabet has been dogged by perceived AI missteps, including with its Gemini image generator earlier this year and a chatbot in 2023. The idea that information derived from AI may not be reliably accurate was seen as a risk, especially for Google, which has a dominant market share in internet search.“Alphabet will freely admit it has gotten AI wrong, but the important thing is to show it is committed to AI and that it has the resources to be a leader,” said Tim Pagliara, chairman and chief investment officer at Capwealth Advisors. “It has to show it is making progress while not creating unrealistic expectations for what it can do.”Tech Chart of the DayCompanies are talking less about “artificial intelligence,” a buzzword central to meteoric gains in tech stocks, raising questions about how much of the technology’s benefits may have already been priced in. Mentions of the term on calls this past earnings season have dropped sharply compared to the previous four reporting periods, according to a Bloomberg analysis of S&P 500, Nasdaq 100 and Stoxx Europe 600 earnings transcripts.Top Tech StoriesAlibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s revenue rose 6.6% after it focused on gaining market share in the twin businesses of e-commerce and the cloud.OpenAI is launching a faster and cheaper version of the artificial intelligence model that underpins its chatbot, ChatGPT, as the startup works to hold on to its lead in an increasingly crowded market.Tencent Holdings Ltd.’s revenue and earnings beat estimates after its TikTok-style video platform gained traction against ByteDance Ltd. and drove growth despite a faltering Chinese economic recovery.Sony Group Corp. predicted sales in the year to March that missed analysts’ estimates, citing waning demand for PlayStation 5 hardware.Foxconn-backed Sharp Corp. is exiting TV panel production and plans to seek volunteers for early retirement, abandoning a business in which it lost out to Chinese rivals.Apple Inc. is preparing to start selling the Vision Pro in markets outside the US, testing whether the $3,499 mixed-reality headset has broader appeal.Earnings Due TuesdayPremarketSea Ltd(Updates shares.)Most Read from Bloomberg BusinessweekHow the ‘Harvard of Trading’ Ruined Thousands of Young People’s LivesKids Hooked on Video Games Prompt a Flurry of LawsuitsUS East Coast Ports Are Spending Billions to Profit From Asia’s Shifting ExportsCheap Prison Labor Is Keeping People Locked Up Longer, Suit Alleges‘The Caitlin Clark Effect Is Real,’ and It’s Already Changing the WNBA©2024 Bloomberg L.P.