Comcast (CMCSA) revealed the price of its recently announced StreamSaver bundle, which will package Peacock's ad-supported premium tier with Netflix's basic ad tier (NFLX) and Apple TV+ (AAPL).The new offering, available to Comcast’s broadband internet and TV subscribers, will launch next week at a price point of $15 a month, yielding savings of around 35% compared to the cost of subscribing to the three services separately, Comcast said.Customers can also access Netflix and Apple TV+ subscriptions through Comcast's Now TV streaming platform, which includes Peacock and 40 other channels, for $30 a month (as opposed to $20 a month without the additional services).The developments come as media companies face pressure from investors to scale their streaming services and achieve profitability. At the same time, the companies are dealing with more competition from tech giants like Amazon (AMZN) and YouTube (GOOGL, GOOG), which are gobbling up streaming deals.On average, US consumers subscribe to four streaming services and spend about $61 per month on them, according to the latest Digital Media Trends report from Deloitte. Streamers have found it difficult to retain subscribers over the long term."One of the biggest issues the industry has faced is serial churners," Third Bridge analyst Jamie Lumley told Yahoo Finance. "Even for the top platforms like Netflix, churn is still a very real problem. ... Bundling is a big effort to try to mitigate that."The concept of bundling isn't new. Companies in the space have been doing it with their own services for years. Apple, for instance, offers Apple One, which combines Apple TV+ with other services like Apple Music and Apple Arcade. The bundle launched globally in late 2020.Disney (DIS), which has also been offering a bundle with Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+, officially began its domestic rollout of a one-app experience late last year that incorporates Hulu content via Disney+ — a similar play to Paramount's Showtime combination as well as the integration of HBO Max and Discovery+, which both merged their respective services last year.The move toward partnerships among competing media companies, though, has gained traction recently.Warner Bros. Discovery (WBD) and Disney announced a new streaming bundle that will combine Disney+, Hulu, and Max, with a launch date set for this summer in the US. In December, WBD partnered with Netflix on a $10 ad-supported bundle offered through Verizon (VZ).And earlier this year, Warner Bros. announced a sports streaming partnership with Disney's ESPN and Fox (FOXA), set to debut later this fall. Last week, the companies announced its name: Venu.Alexandra Canal is a Senior Reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow her on X @allie_canal, LinkedIn, and email her at alexandra.canal@yahoofinance.com.For the latest earnings reports and analysis, earnings whispers and expectations, and company earnings news, click hereRead the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance