Benzinga and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue on some items through the links below.When searching for reliable dividend-paying stocks, it’s important to choose companies that have demonstrated their ability to not only maintain but also grow dividend payments, even during tough economic times. Highlighted below are three dividend-paying companies that continued to increase their dividends through the 2008 financial crisis and have increased them every year since.Be sure to read to the end to check out two other high-yield opportunities with yields as high as 13%.Realty Income, an S&P 500 company, is a real estate partner to the world’s leading companies. Founded in 1969, the company invests in diversified commercial real estate and has a portfolio of over 15,450 properties across the U.S., the U.K., and six other countries in Europe. Known as “The Monthly Dividend Company,” Realty Income’s mission is to deliver stockholders dependable monthly dividends that grow over time.During the last recession, Realty Income increased its dividends four times in 2007, five times in 2008 and four more times in 2009. The company’s most recent dividend increase was announced last week, increasing from $0.2570 per share to $0.2625 per share. With a current dividend yield of 5.73% and a 5-year dividend growth rate (CAGR) of 3.55%, Realty Income has increased its dividend for 26 consecutive years.Enterprise Products Partners L.P. provides midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products. Between 2005 and 2019, Enterprise Products Partners increased its dividend every quarter, even throughout the 2008 financial crisis. The company raised its dividend from $0.50 per share to $0.515 per share in the first quarter of 2024.With a current dividend yield of 7.19% and a 5-year dividend growth rate (CAGR) of 3.19%, Enterprise Products Partners has increased its dividend for 25 consecutive years.NNN REIT invests primarily in high-quality retail properties subject generally to long-term, net leases. As of December 31, 2023, the company owned 3,532 properties in 49 states with a gross leasable area of approximately 36.0 million square feet and a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.1 years.NNN REIT increased its quarterly dividend in 2007 and 2008. While the quarterly dividend remained flat in 2009, its annual payout was still higher than in 2008. The company began increasing at least once per year again in 2010 and has continued to do so since. With a current dividend yield of 5.36% and a 5-year dividend growth rate (CAGR) of 2.47%, NNN REIT has increased its dividend for 34 consecutive years.In addition to the three stocks mentioned above, investors seeking high-yield opportunities may also consider the following income opportunities for consistent payouts through all economic cycles.The Ascent Income Fund targets stable income from senior commercial real estate debt positions, offering a compelling yield backed by real assets. With a historical distribution yield of 12.1% and investments in loans that hold full payment priority, the fund provides investors with an attractive income opportunity. Redemption options are available starting one year after the initial investment, and the fund targets 11-13% net annualized returns, with distributions paid quarterly or automatically reinvested.The fund is offered by EquityMultiple, and new users to the platform can invest in the fund with a reduced minimum of $5,000.Click here to learn more about the Ascent Income Fund. Basecamp Alpine Notes, offered by EquityMultiple, provide investors with a powerful short-term cash management tool, offering a target APY of 9.00% over a 3-month term and a minimum investment of $1,000. These notes offer high liquidity with the shortest terms of any EquityMultiple investment, and the company charges no fees on any Alpine Note investment. Since its inception, the Alpine Note has been EquityMultiple’s most popular offering, with over 79% of investors choosing to reinvest in Alpine Notes.Click here to learn more about Basecamp Alpine Notes. When selecting dividend stocks or high-yield investment opportunities, it’s crucial to conduct thorough research and consider factors such as the company’s financial health, growth prospects and the sustainability of their dividend payouts. By investing in companies with a proven track record of increasing dividends, even during challenging economic times, investors can potentially build a more resilient and income-generating portfolio.This article 3 High-Yield Stocks That Raised Dividends During The Last Recession And Every Year Since originally appeared on Benzinga.com